Prod prow config (#2238)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/prow-cluster-update.md

1. Follow [this](./prow-installation-on-forks.md) document for details to set up a Prow cluster.
2. Go to the [`kubernetes/test-infra`](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/) project and select a commit with the desired update for the Prow cluster. For example, use [`2c8e0dbb96b4c1a86d42275dfbed5474a6d05def`](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/commit/2c8e0dbb96b4c1a86d42275dfbed5474a6d05def).

> 3. Open [`starter.yaml`](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/2c8e0dbb96b4c1a86d42275dfbed5474a6d05def/prow/cluster/starter.yaml) from upstream repo in Kubernetes project and copy new tags for these containers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open [`starter.yaml`](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/blob/2c8e0dbb96b4c1a86d42275dfbed5474a6d05def/prow/cluster/starter.yaml) from the upstream repository in the Kubernetes project and copy new tags for these containers:
```
